yuxin
If it weren't for you bitch
How could I have ended up in a place like this?
I'm going to make you all pay today.
What do you want?
Are you having a good show with a man?
Now
he
Nian Nian Gu Yuming
Go away, our President Gu is really infatuated.
I really came alone
Come to me
Wei Min
I have liked you for five years
I would do anything for you
You can give up anything
You can even give up your own children
See this ring tomorrow.
Don't get excited
Gu Yimin
The most regrettable thing I have ever done in my life is falling in love
If it weren't for you
The pain will never come to this again.
I won't be a street rat
Anyone can step on a few feet
You put me down
I will satisfy you with anything you want.
Our Mr. Gu's love is really touching
Do you want me to let him go?
You kneel before me
Three kowtows in a row
I'll think about it.